{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2017-09-28 Meeting:\
\
I. Domain name and Repository \
	i. portu-whatsapp.newtfire.org\
I. Potential research focuses\
	i. Cross-cultural competency/cultural miscommunication\
	ii. Modes of speech in text language/how native speakers influence the L2 texting conventions\
	iii. Inadvertent grammatical slips that are corrected by L1 speakers in the app\
II. The prospect of hosting the website in both Portuguese and English?\
	i. Ana Paula (Brandon\'92s professor would like to feature the domain to Portuguese speakers)\
III. TEI compliancy?\
	i. Potential ID sets for characters in the message conversations\
	ii. The <teiHeader> element could be a data-rich portion of our document regarding all meta information on the speakers involved and the environment of the conversation\
	iii. The pre-generated schema could be more creative than we are in regard to tagging what we want to tag\
	iv. It could get very confusing very fast? It could be a potentially unnecessary frustration?\
IV. Things for next week\
	i. Explore tei-c.org to determine how it could positively/negatively affect our project\
	ii. Push raw data of the WhatsApp photos \
	iii. (Brandon) Peruse some of the data to see when mistakes are and are NOT being corrected\
	iv. Speak with Greg about a dual-language domain\
\
}