<h3>2017-10-12 Meeting Notes</h3>
<hr/>

<ol>
   <li>Corpus Questions</li>
     <ol><li>Revisiting our research questions...</li>
     <ol><li>Conversations are clipped and incomplete</li>
     <li>Messages are somewhat scrambled; Brandon can piece together conversation fragments</li>
     <li>The corpus size is not extensive -- more screenshots are on the way</li>
     <li>The more data we retrieve=the fewer major issues we could incur</li>
     <li>Zac can help with text transcription -- accent input is <em>very</em> easy on iOS.</li></ol></ol>
  <li>TEI elements</li>
  <ol><li>Potential elements for the ODD?</li>
  <ol><li>A quick example... fragmented messages at the top of the screenshot... ` <phr type="incomplete" subtype="fragmented"> `</li>
    <li>What are we looking for?</li>
    <ol><li>Corrections in grammatical slips vs. cultural slips</li>
      <li>Texting conventions cross-culturally, emoji or smiley face use, abbreviations employed; "textspeak"</li>
      <li>Errors: corrected vs. non-corrected; noun-verb agreement; gender-number agreement; word order</li></ol></ol></ol><li>Website</li>
<ol><li>Patrick will try again with SSI and the server this weekend; this past week the repo has given him issues</li>
   <li>Web details will come later; right now structural stability is what's most needed</li></ol>
   <li>Analyses</li>
   <ol><li>A lot of our questions seem to be binary -- corrected errors vs. non-corrected</li>
      <li>Types of errors or slips that are most common</li>
      <li>Conventions unique to a culture vs. shared conventions, if any</li></ol></ol>
   <li>For next week.....</li>
   <ol><li>Zac will meet/video chat with Elisa in the next 4-5 days to get an ODD started</li>
   <li>Continue to ponder what elements we want. We will have a better idea early next week</li>
   <li>Patrick will continue the fight with SSI and web development through next week</li>
   <li>Brandon and Zac will handle the transcription of data into TextEdit before importing them to XML, while Brandon looks more closely at the data sets to see what specific elements will be represented in regard to our questions</li></ol>
   </ol>
